I’ve been an insecure and reserved person
since childhood.
When I finished school,
my report said
that I was unable to express myself
and that I had a limited vocabulary.
Those words injured
my already low self-esteem.
So I started to wonder,
‘What am I living for?’
During my teenage years,
I began to drink alcohol.
Life seemed meaningless to me.
I felt depressed
and started to have suicidal thoughts.
When I was around 20,
I became obsessed with hard rock.
This music really charged me with energy.
I loved its roughness and rapidness.
It whipped me into a frenzy.
In time, I became rude and aggressive.
I often quarreled
with those close to me.
This, of course, did not bring me happiness.
I started to have suicidal thoughts again,
but serious ones this time.
The only thing that stopped me
was the thought that my mom
would not survive it.
I tried to take my mind off these thoughts,
and I began to want to do something for God.
For the first time in my life,
I poured out my heart
to God in prayer.
I asked him to help me find
my purpose in life.
Just two hours later,
Jehovah’s Witnesses knocked
on my door and offered a Bible study.
That is how my new, happy life began.
Although it wasn’t easy for me,
I got rid of everything that was related
to hard rock and alcohol.
I thought that I would never be able
to tell others about my faith.
At the same time, however,
I understood that people
needed to hear about it.
But to my surprise,
my preaching gave me confidence.
It also strengthened my faith.
Now I have a good family.
I’m happy that I’ve been able to help people,
including my sister and mom,
to learn the truth from the Bible.
Throughout my life as a Christian,
Jehovah’s words at Hebrews 13:5
have greatly supported me:
“I will never leave you,
and I will never abandon you.”
And he didn’t abandon me,
even when I did not know him.